when we are Jim Van Horn steps up with
all the neeeews of the day that sports
disparate after off-the-record and right
after sports test cuz that's hockey the
three coaches and you know what they'll
be talking about with Dave Hodge that's
right after sports desk and don't forget
we got Emmy a basketball Kevin Garnett
against the Houston Rockets with the
t-wolves but for us the big show is
Vince McMahon one on one e he had not
given an interview in a year is
no-holds-barred
nothing scripted nothing planned Vince
McMahon one on one next Tuesday and
Wednesday on the edge that's your boss
and if your boss were here he'd say hey
you better promote something doc
Hendricks well I don't know what I'm
gonna do right that tomorrow night right
here at Sky Dome the World Wrestling
Federation live one week from tonight we
were in the General Motors place in
beautiful Vancouver British Columbia one
week from tomorrow night the Winnipeg
arena in Winnipeg Manitoba then we wind
up the road to Wrestlemania tour two
weeks from tonight in the Molson centre
the site of the 1997 Survivor Series and
the site of Bret Hart's departure
departure right which I guess was the
story of the year in wrestling yeah but
Bret's doing great we're doing greater
so and so drop the Bret thing is that
what you're saying done well I think
everybody's moved on okay I'm tired of
hearing about it
I'm tired sure Bret's tired of it maybe
can you show me something before we go
to that that's because when we're up
here you keep making Diego but I
realized verbally sparring with you is
probably a foolish move you do it for a
living
mmm wait a sec I do it for let me show
you a little move called the abdominal
stream okay all right you gonna stand
here and I'm gonna stretch your
abdominals okay this is good okay he
hooks the left leg yeah what's the right
arm yeah you know what just stretch a
little bit more okay yeah that's plenty
but you know what there's there's a
certain good feeling about it and you
know what I can do and there's like you
can go in here with the ribs I think
that's called tickling
come about hockey now my one weakness
I'm ticklish though it was kind of fun
why do your kids do that to you when you
get home the kids have done that to me
before but I'll tell you what that
wasn't bad I don't to go to the
chiropractor now do dolls come hunter
thanks very much Chyna
Dok Hendrix a lot of fun thanks for
being good sports on off the record
we'll see off the record with Michael
Landsberg is brought to you by The Keg
Steakhouse and bar for great steaks good
friends see you tonight
quite as quite as intimidating as the
Sharpshooter
the tickle part it was still yeah I
don't like to be tickled you know now I
would rather be had stretched out a
little smiling from ear to ear